[Singing]
[Singing] That's right! Wow, welcome.
Here we are again on a Monday.
Wait, is it Monday today? --It is.
It's been a tiring day. The weekend ended, Monday
began again, and everyone must be exhausted.
So PLAVE is here at exactly 8 p.m.--a
cure-all for the Monday blues.
I can't get my words out. Weverse user
'Gulping Down Water' is here with us too.
So many PLLI are chatting--calling us princes and
saying 'ppyong.' The response is very enthusiastic.
That's right. Shall we start
with a little casual chatting?
Yesterday was the weekend, so let's briefly
tell each other how we spent Saturday.
Well, I watched the World Cup final. You all watched the
whole final, right? --I did. It was early this morning.
Right. Our group chat was very lively early this
morning. We wanted to chat with PLLI too, but...
it was around 4 a.m., and messages might have woken
people who weren't watching, so the PLAVE members...
talked among ourselves instead. It was a thrilling
match, and we even made a bet. --We did.
I was the only one who got it right.
Right. We bet a meal--Korean
beef--and the rest of us lost.
Our predictions missed the mark.
I meant to watch to the end, but late in the second
half--around the 40-minute mark--my memory just stops.
Oh, you fell asleep.
I was exhausted. At kickoff we all said, 'Let's
make it through 45 minutes,' but Yejun-hyung...
At some point, the unread '1' beside our KakaoTalk
messages stopped disappearing. --Right, right.
At 4 a.m. we were all posting proof photos and
asking, 'What are you doing? Is everyone ready?'
I didn't see the whole thing. How far
did you two watch? Did you finish it?
I watched everything--the ceremony, the
medals, and the trophy being lifted.
I kept drifting in and out because I was so tired,
even with all the tension and excitement of a final.
Right? I was tense too, but around the second
half I relaxed and ended up falling asleep.
So, yes--I lost the bet.
I was confident because I had
a very strong prediction.
Of course, no result is ever
guaranteed during a match.
Still, I think my prediction
shone a little today.
So now we have to buy Eunho Korean beef. Someone is
asking if we're splitting the cost evenly. --No.
Of course not. We have to make
it winner-takes-all again.
We'll probably need another bet.
--Winner takes all? --Obviously.
People are asking which country
won. Spain beat Argentina 1–0.
I'm actually a huge Messi fan.
You really like Messi. Seeing how
disappointed he looked was quite moving.
I heard he shed tears too. I have enormous respect
for him still excelling at the World Cup at his age.
I hope he keeps doing great
things. He was incredible.
And I'm a huge fan of Lamine Yamal.
He's receiving attention
from all over the world.
Right. Yamal is extremely young--only nineteen.
Years ago, when Messi was about twenty,
he bathed baby Yamal for a photo shoot.
It became famous. Meeting again twenty years
later in a World Cup final feels like a movie.
After the match, Messi was sitting
there, and Yamal came over to him.
Twenty years ago, Messi was the
one holding him in his arms.
This time Yamal approached and embraced
Messi first. It was really moving.
Right, that was another emotional
moment. Yamal was only a baby back then.
Apparently he was six months old. Messi was
twenty and already at the top of the sport.
Then Yamal grew into a world-class player too,
and they met again as equals on the field.
That embrace was more cinematic
than an actual movie.
Exactly. They weren't an adult and a baby anymore,
but two players showing each other sportsmanship.
And while we're talking about football,
we can't leave out the halftime show.
I nearly cried then.
Justin Bieber sunbaenim was so amazing
that I fell for him all over again.
That lineup was unbelievable.
He performed the World Cup version of 'Hallelujah.' It
gave me goosebumps--just his voice and an acoustic guitar.
One voice and one acoustic guitar. --Right.
He entered like one of the players, wearing
something with 'JB' on it--his initials.
He listened to the stage directions,
walked straight in, and began. Wow.
My English isn't good enough to understand every lyric, but
the general message was about everyone celebrating together.
It felt like a blessing for everyone--happy and
uplifting, and perfectly suited to the World Cup.
At the end he changed it to a World Cup
refrain, and I got goosebumps all over.
And then BTS sunbaenim appeared
among that incredible lineup--wow.
[Sings briefly] Sorry, I don't
know the lyrics very well.
Watching the 'Dynamite' stage filled me with so
much pride in Korea. Is it okay to say that?
I was overflowing with it--with patriotism.
I honestly almost cried. I was so overwhelmed.
Since Hamin brought it up, I suddenly want
to say that Ppongtta is my favorite ice pop.
All that patriotism made you think of
ice cream? So you like Ppongtta. --Yes.
Nice, nice. I like it.
People are mentioning Bburinkle in the comments. The
uncanny thing is, I watched while eating Bburinkle chicken.
I ordered it around 3 a.m., but it arrived
an hour and a half later, around halftime.
At least you still got to enjoy it
during the match. Wow, but then...
Chicken-shop owners must have worked through the night.
Few places were open, so orders probably piled up.
It arrived a little cold, but sharing it
with the World Cup was still a lot of fun.
I ate chicken too. I bought frozen dakgangjeong in
advance because I expected huge delivery delays.
I wanted to show my patriotism,
so I chose Schnell Chicken.
Schnell Chicken is closely associated with that feeling.
As a proud citizen of Asterum, I had to eat it.
The package even lists a 'veteran' method and an
'active-duty' method. Which did you use? --Active-duty.
He chose the active-duty version while watching
the players still out there competing.
What did you have as your World Cup food?
I had musaengchae. --So you ate radish salad.
Yes, musaengchae and... --Only musaengchae?
That must have made quite a snack.
No, no, that's not what I mean. Musaengchae
was simply all I had in the fridge.
You sent us a photo after seeing it on the
livestream. --Was it in a yogurt bowl? --No, no.
You were having musaengchae with cola.
The cola went down nicely. Some PLLI watched the match
and others slept, but it was a tense, thrilling game.
Now let's move on from the World Cup and
talk about how we spent the weekend.
I'm having trouble reading this right
now. --Wow, you did a lot of work.
One on Monday, one on Tuesday, one on Wednesday,
one on Thursday, one on Friday, then the weekend...
Right? --Yes. One item on Monday.
And one on Tuesday.
Yesterday we all gathered and worked
on something together. --That's right.
We finished near dawn, but we
prepared another gift for PLLI.
We did.
And you bought a new pair of slippers yesterday.
Yes, I bought new slippers. --What
prompted that change in footwear?
I used to wear really thick shoes,
and then I switched to flip-flops.
You know the other pair--the
black flip-flops. --Right.
I looked at them and wondered, what
do you call this part of a flip-flop?
The part that goes between your toes.
What is that piece called? You know that
curved toe strap? It looked so sad.
Like it was crying.
Exactly. I kept getting the feeling
that my flip-flops were crying.
So I decided they needed a friend and
bought another pretty black pair.
They look very sturdy and
cushioned. --They really are soft.
It surprised us too, so we hurried to tell everyone
on Bubble. I hope that clears up the mystery.
And I went exploring restaurants
with Noah-hyung. --Restaurants?
I thought it might be fun to visit a favorite
restaurant with each member in turn.
I reached Noah-hyung first, so we went out for some
good food. There were raw chicken feet on the table.
Raw chicken feet?
I honestly thought they were kimchi and
put one in my mouth. --A raw chicken foot?
Yes. It looked so much like
kimchi that I didn't think twice.
Then I realized with a shock that I had
put a raw chicken foot in my mouth.
I didn't swallow it. I put it in, went, 'What is
this?' and took it out. Noah-hyung laughed a lot.
So you went out for chicken feet?
--We went for grilled chicken.
Salt-grilled, marinated, and so on. We ordered one
serving of chicken feet too, and that happened.
Next, I'd like each member to share a favorite
place and go on a one-on-one food date with me.
Yes, give it some thought.
I'm already planning one tailored to Eunho. And I'm
really looking forward to Yejun-hyung's. --I'm confident.
So you're preparing some exciting content. --That's
right. And we've had a lot of rain lately.
Sing us the line you were singing earlier.
[Sings briefly]
It rained so much. I passed a stream the
other day--an actual stream of water.
The water was overflowing its banks.
It rained enough to submerge the whole track.
Lightning was crashing too. Were you all
right? --It came during the night. --Right.
They originally said the heavy rain would
last through Sunday--or was it Saturday?
They said through Saturday, but
didn't it stop raining on Saturday?
Weather is so changeable that you never know what will
happen. I sincerely hope nobody suffered serious damage.
I went outside during the lightning in the middle of
the night. --Really? Why? --To stand in the rain.
I shouted as if even lightning would avoid me.
--Did you have an appointment with the storm?
No, I just yelled, 'Come
at me, world! Come at me!'
Nobody could file a noise complaint because the thunder
covered my shouting. This won't show up in a reel, will it?
Maybe we'll encounter it in a Reel or
a Short someday. --No, that wasn't it.
There is romance in quietly standing in the
rain, but please be careful not to catch a cold.
Everyone has favorite items
they use only when it rains.
Do you have one--an umbrella, rain
boots, a raincoat, something like that?
For me, it was actually flip-flops.
Whenever it rained, I always wore
flip-flops. My feet would get wet anyway.
I don't really like wearing
sneakers in the rain. --Really?
They get completely soaked,
and I hate that feeling.
Flip-flops let my feet dry quickly, though they
can be dangerous. I made sure to wash mine.
Flip-flops get slippery. --Right, right.
You never know what your feet might do.
Eunho, do you have a favorite rainy-day item?
For rainy days? Pajeon. --You went
straight to food. Pajeon is great.
Kimchi pancakes, potato
pancakes--all kinds of jeon.
That's all I can think about when it rains.
Bossam, pajeon, every kind of
jeon... or perhaps horror movies.
Horror movies, right. But you
don't usually enjoy them.
They aren't fun when there's no story. --No, you
just haven't seen horror movies with good stories.
I don't care much for simple ghost stories, but
I love frightening stories with a strong plot.
The atmosphere can be overwhelming. For example, there's
a film whose title was recognized unclearly here.
It isn't supernatural horror so much as the fear
that something like this could happen in real life.
I really recommend it. Even people who struggle
with scary films might enjoy the story.
Oh. Okay.
Keep it in mind and watch it
sometime. It's worth seeing.
It may look frightening at first, but it
isn't very scary and has few jump scares.
I recommend it. For me, rainy
days make me think of a football.
I've played football with friends in the rain
since childhood--what I call 'water football.'
I like playing in the rain, and lately I love running
in it too. --You really do. Sports help you unwind.
I, on the other hand, love
staying home when it rains.
Rather than going out, I shower, turn
the air conditioning down cold...
and curl up under one of those smooth, fluffy
blankets. What is that material called?
Not a warm fabric, but one that feels cool. You
know what I mean--I can't remember the word.
I love covering myself with one. --Me too.
I hope PLLI can find happiness in
rainy days in your own way too.
And again, please be careful during the rainy
season and typhoons. We hope you avoid any damage.
It's midsummer now, so we'll
probably get much more rain.
Right. And once the rain passes,
please be careful in the heat as well.
Now, Bamby-hyung had his birthday livestream.
Did you all watch it? --Of course. What stood
out most? --The dance with the hamsters.
Yes, during 'BÆD.'
Was the hamster dance during
'BÆD'? I think it was.
The hamsters danced with him.
My friends asked me, 'How do hamsters
dance?' I don't know either.
How would I know? None of us knows.
They moved, but they looked a little soulless.
Like that blank, battery-powered
kind of movement?
Something like that. But they were cute.
They were extremely cute.
And turning the clock hands to exactly 12:32
was adorable. But there was a secret behind it.
A secret? What secret?
One complete turn of the hand should
advance the clock by an hour.
But it took two turns to advance one hour.
What could those two turns have meant?
What? Was it three? We don't really know either.
It took two rotations for an hour to pass. Whenever we
say anything, PLLI asks if it's a spoiler. We wonder too.
Right.
You sang that song beautifully, and you
also sang a pop song. --Right, right.
Bamby-hyung worked very hard, finding time in our
busy schedule to prepare things to show everyone.
Didn't you do that routine before singing the
first song during the birthday live? --Yes.
[Quotes a line] When you
get extremely nervous...
there's that routine where you tremble like a
frightened hamster. PLLI found it adorable.
That is actually where the emotion begins.
You have to immerse yourself in it.
Then you deliver the song with feeling.
Anyway, happy birthday again, Bamby-hyung.
We celebrated him. And besides Bamby's live, the members
ate cup ramen together for the first time in ages.
'Ramen, come to me!' Noah-hyung pretended not
to care until his true intentions were exposed.
That only makes you look more desperate. You
should be honest from the beginning. --Exactly.
You have to eat it confidently. I still remember Yejun-hyung
boldly getting us started. --And deliciously so.
I suddenly said, 'Forget it, I'm going in,' ripped
the lid back, and everyone followed: 'Me too!'
That was refreshingly decisive.
Which ramen did you put in, hyung?
I think mine was Shin Ramyun. Wasn't it?
It was Shin. That's the only kind hyung eats.
I only eat the original. You went in so decisively
that I immediately opened my Saeutang cup too.
What did everyone have? --Saeutang. --I
think I had a small spicy Jin Ramen.
The small one. The small cups taste
better. I love small cup noodles.
Small Yukgaejang cups are legendary. Don't get the large
one--eat two small ones. They're practically different ramen.
That's genuinely true of Yukgaejang too.
It is fascinating. Why do the small
and large versions taste different?
The noodles differ--their thickness. That's what I've heard
about bowl noodles and cup noodles, though I may be wrong.
The smaller bowl version uses different noodles.
Even the names differ: bowl noodles and cup noodles.
So that's the secret. But
again, I could be wrong.
Really? --Yes, apparently
it's the noodle thickness.
Perhaps the smaller cup needs finer
noodles to fit. Anyway, PLLI...
I recommend cup ramen whenever
you need a boost. Just go for it.
Especially after getting soaked in rain or playing
in water, that hot, salty broth tastes amazing.
When you get the chance to eat cup ramen, don't overthink
it. It's a snack--follow your heart and eat it.
Just eat it.
But since debuting as PLAVE...
I used to consider cup ramen far too light to
count as a meal--just a little side snack.
It was so insignificant I'd forget I'd eaten it.
But Noah-hyung pays close attention to calories.
So my perception changed. Eating cup ramen began to
feel like eating some enormous amount of junk food.
It made me feel as if I'd done something wrong--as
though I should eat it only once a month.
That's how it feels now.
Being on a diet creates some unavoidable pressure,
though realistically it isn't that large a portion.
Once I get hooked on ramen, I keep
eating it. I'm fine with that.
Then which do you prefer:
stovetop ramen or cup ramen?
At home, stovetop ramen. Anywhere
outside the house, cup ramen.
What about those ramen cookers by the Han River?
Even there, I'd choose cup ramen
instead of Han River ramen.
Because it isn't home. --Cup ramen? Really?
For me, stovetop ramen.
Stovetop ramen anywhere and
everywhere. That's what I crave most.
Cup ramen works as a side when you have rice or another
main dish. I also love dipping noodles in beaten egg.
It feels a little like sukiyaki. I love it, but my vote
still goes to stovetop ramen. Do you stir the noodles?
I actually don't stir them.
You're not supposed to.
Don't break the round noodle block apart.
Keep it intact and only flip it over.
Never loosen it. Let the heat cook it like
that, and the noodles stay wonderfully firm.
Try it. And what about cracking an
egg on top? --I've seen that method.
I think I saw a chef beat one or two eggs
and pour them over the round noodle block.
That's right. I've tried it too.
Talking about ramen makes me want some. I've cooked it
that way since I was three. --Since you were three?
I should patent it. --You weren't born in a
convenience store. But how do you cook the egg?
I usually stir it in completely. Do you
leave it soft-poached inside the ramen...
or mix it through the broth like
egg-drop soup? --It depends on my mood.
I like it poached, so the yolk spreads when you
lift it out and break it. That's delicious.
I also like 'cloud egg': stir it, move the noodles
aside, and let the egg spread through the broth.
It feels like ramen from a PC café. You know many
methods. --I clearly love ramen. I've eaten plenty of it.
I used to think stirring the egg into the
broth was practically illegal. --Why?
An unacceptable way to assemble ramen?
--I'm firmly on team poached egg.
The textbook method. But mixing the egg through
is tasty too--it turns the broth into egg soup.
Right. It becomes mild and clean,
with that egg-broth flavor.
PLLI's comments overwhelmingly favor poached eggs,
though we also have mixed eggs and cloud eggs.
Ramen with the egg mixed through
really can be delicious.
Especially with green-onion kimchi so ripe
that you wonder if it has gone too far.
Green-onion kimchi is incredible.
Is it legal? --Completely legal.
It's legal, but green-onion kimchi pairs even better
with Chapagetti than with soup ramen. --True.
Those two are best friends. One last suggestion:
pour the egg into the gaps between the noodles.
If you keep the round block intact, there are little
gaps. Let the egg seep into and set between them.
Let the egg penetrate the noodles and try it. --Do
you loosen the block afterward? --No, keep it intact.
Boil it for about three or four minutes.
When you can see that the egg white has
turned white and set, switch off the heat.
Right.
There are so many creative
ramen recipes on social media.
People turn it into stir-fried noodles or even something
like a pancake. I hope you try different methods.
Bamby eats his as watery as Pyeongyang naengmyeon.
Maybe that is the true 'Han River ramen.'
The other day, I made one cup so
the two of us could share it.
I normally fill mine slightly below the water line
so the broth stays salty--never crossing the line.
Never crossing the line? Then
you crossed it with Bamby's cup.
He crossed the line. He went far beyond it.
He threw a fit, saying, 'There's too
much water. I'm not eating this.'
I adjusted the water because he refused it. Since you crossed
the line, please apologize on the next stream. --Apologize!
And we cannot skip the most important video released
over the weekend. The timing is perfect--it's 8:30.
Exactly the right time. I'm a J,
so I have to keep to the schedule.
Now it's finally time to review
the 'Meccha Suki' video.
The response was hot, still is hot,
and will remain hot--just like ramen.
How did you feel when
'Meccha Suki' was released?
It felt great. We first watched it together
three or four days before release.
Right. We watched it on a
small phone screen together.
Even then, we kept saying how funny and well made
it was, and that PLLI would probably love it.
We watched it with smiles, so
let's enjoy it together now.
I keep refreshing the page
to check the view count.
I check while eating, then again when I stand
up: refresh, confirm, and check once more.
I'm monitoring it in real time.
Noah-hyung is probably doing the same.
He's sensitive to view counts too. --Are you?
--Yes, I'm monitoring constantly. Let's begin.
Here we go.
It seizes the initiative from the very
start. Ah, this is delicious. So good.
It's like a perfectly cooked cup of
ramen. Delicious. They're true princes.
I really have so much to say about this.
I know this scene became quite a
talking point. It was so pretty.
I think this kind of
sensibility really suits PLAVE.
Yejun-hyung loved it so much. --I was so
happy. PLAVE really can show every genre.
The response was very enthusiastic when
we released this. And here we appear.
Here we come.
We're working incredibly hard here. Really hard.
And here I am.
I love this part too.
It feels as if we'll be sucked into the
screen. We should recreate this scene later.
This was so much fun to film.
I feel like I'm going to cry.
They say a microphone appeared.
[Singing]
[Singing] This is my favorite part.
We kept saying, 'We're almost there!
Keep going to the end. Don't stop.'
[Singing]
Did you keep your balance there? --I did.
And that was 'Meccha Suki.'
That cover truly deserved a round of applause.
We had such a good time making and filming it.
How did you feel when we first
decided to do this song?
When we first heard it, did we watch the original
music video or the live performance first?
I think we watched the music video first.
I remember thinking it would be fun to do.
We thought PLLI would really like it, so we
said, 'Let's do this.' How was it for you?
I was happy.
Thinking back makes me emotional. It felt
like a melatonin dream--like I was dreaming.
What you just said sounded like a top comment.
I still remember Eunho-hyung saying,
'Hamin, isn't this basically your song?'
He said, 'You should really
be at the center of this.'
Because he did it so well.
It suited him perfectly.
Exactly. Show us that once more.
He captured the feeling so well. But every
member suited it, and the whole project was fun.
Yejun-hyung especially loved the choreography.
He danced it in the mirror all day.
He kept saying, 'This is so much fun.'
We laughed while recording and filming,
and even learning it was great fun.
Learning it really was so much fun.
Hamin was hilarious while we learned it. The
choreography has so many details, though.
We spent quite a while learning it properly
so we could bring out all those details.
I remember our choreography teacher coming in,
and Hamin ended up teaching alongside them.
That's right. From halfway through, I
joined in because we had so little time.
There wasn't enough time to learn and teach it,
so we urgently asked another teacher to help.
The request was so sudden. They had learned it all,
but understandably could still get a little confused.
They had less than a day. Hamin was impressive:
he picked it up immediately and helped teach it.
He taught it together with the teacher who came
to help. Afterward, I quietly went over to him...
...and jokingly suggested we split the
fee fifty-fifty. I was only joking.
The choreography is energetic and addictive.
Noah-hyung said something about it too:
'Don't get too hung up on every detail; each
person's character needs to come through.'
So we showed plenty of our own character
while matching the important parts.
There are lots of highlights. Shall we replay
it and review them one by one? --Absolutely.
Please play it again.
Before it starts, we count
down: five, four, three...
Then we have to enter immediately. That moment made me
the most nervous--you have to come in exactly right.
Right. The timing was difficult.
The editing fits this song so well.
It was done so well.
And why does yellow suit you so well? You almost
look like the principal from Crayon Shin-chan.
You look so sweet--almost
like a pumpkin, somehow.
Yes, exactly.
Hamin looks so happy. Even the character
introductions match the original.
They were so faithful that I felt as if I were
dreaming. I wondered whether it was real.
But people loved it. Show us that
it wasn't a dream. Go on, show us.
This was so much fun. Look here--I
love this move most of all.
We're all genuinely enjoying ourselves here.
There are some really striking
moves. I'm playing guitar here.
What kind of feeling were you going for?
Who plays guitar like that?
Show us what you did again.
I played it like this, with the feeling
of that song I performed before.
I wanted a wriggly, winding feel, so I improvised a change
to the choreography. I'm extremely pleased with it.
My satisfaction is at its absolute peak.
He really loves it. Noah-hyung is funny in
this part too. Shall we look at Noah's part?
His movements are huge. He's standing right beside
Hamin, but he catches your eye immediately.
Look at him. Wait, had we agreed to
shake our heads here? --No, we hadn't.
We only said to keep throwing ourselves into it.
This is the feeling--everyone has their own.
So that wasn't planned?
--No. It startled me too.
It's more healing than feeling.
He's actually very serious.
He is. Look at the lyrics--the
emotion is already there in his eyes.
Look at the message in those eyes: 'Who knew I
had this side?' Doesn't it suit him perfectly?
I truly didn't know you had this
side to you, hyung. --Neither did I.
Exactly. I discovered it through the video.
I thought hyung only had his cup-ramen
side. I never knew about this side.
That yellow outfit also looks like danmuji--like
one enormous piece of pickled radish.
It inspires all kinds of thoughts. My
first was simply, 'That looks delicious.'
Delicious. It was cooked
perfectly. Truly excellent ramen.
[Singing]
This scene was so good.
Getting our hands aligned here
was incredibly difficult.
It really wasn't easy.
Lining up the heart perfectly was so hard.
This kept confusing us too. I
called it the three-stage pop.
Back, forward--how many times was it? How many?
This has something of a TikTok feel, doesn't it?
How many was that? We did
well to match it as a pair.
We did this part so many times too.
So many times. My heart was really hurting.
They told us to shake even harder.
Noah-hyung said to really go for it here.
We put a lot of feeling into it.
We really did. Wait, did I
actually make this movement?
We timed it together. We filmed many separate
inserts; perhaps I took too much melatonin.
I don't remember any of it. One, two,
three--meow. --Yes, we did that.
Two, three... We did it so many times, but
I truly don't remember. That's fascinating.
We filmed so many different things that it's
understandable not to remember. It was great fun.
Bamby-hyung's consonant-heavy rap became a talking point.
People said it was a voice they'd never heard before.
He captured it surprisingly well. Bamby said he
wasn't entirely satisfied with that take, though.
Right. I think we even recorded it again.
Actually, we didn't use the rerecording. Noah-hyung
and I insisted the original had to be used.
Then my part comes in. I'm
so glad this made its debut.
It feels as though I'm moving freely between
the upper and lower parts of my range.
Recording it was so much fun.
Noah-hyung also said, 'That's it.'
He said, 'This is the take we need,'
and that's how it ended up in the song.
It was perfect. I think
this is the killing part.
Even from rehearsal, we knew it fit perfectly.
Before that, people called Bamby-hyung's rap
voice his spam-call voice--the spam-call rap.
Yes--it sounds like he's
saying, 'No, thank you.'
And then the mood suddenly changes.
Wait. Yejun-hyung's expression here--pause right
when he opens up. He looks almost like a peacock.
What were you thinking at that moment?
I was taking in the energy, like I had just
been reborn. What kind of expression is that?
I tried to bring it to life like this.
And now we enter the dance break.
I love this part too. I have something
musical to say: in the original song...
...this phrase has no vibrato. I really liked
that sensibility. Normally, in my own style...
...I might have sung it with more embellishment,
but I deliberately followed the original.
I sang it straighter and without extra embellishment.
It suited this song better, so that's what I did.
The dance break is so fast.
He definitely sings it in his own distinctive
way. I don't know how many takes we filmed here.
This really wasn't easy. Bamby looked
so embarrassed doing it over and over.
It was difficult acting, and
we had a lot of failed takes.
We really did. It was all in the eyes--somehow
lifeless and vivid at the same time.
We added a gradual smile here,
changing it ever so slightly.
Bamby was lying down while filming this,
right? He was lying there like this.
I'll be Bamby.
And all the other members watched him
together. --Right. We told him, 'It's okay.'
We thought that would make the shot feel more alive.
If you look closely, there are four more faces here.
They're all watching Bamby like this.
It's like the viewpoint of a
cockroach--an insect's-eye view.
Hamin's expression then was incredible.
Show PLLI how you looked at Bamby-hyung.
Like this. He came right up to me
but never once looked into my eyes.
He was telling us not to distract him.
No, I was about to tease him, but from that
angle only the whites of my eyes were visible.
At first we couldn't hold back our laughter, so there
were many failed takes. The final one came out well.
This song has an exceptionally
clear dramatic progression.
It pushes and pulls, turns exciting, then sad--like
a roller coaster. We're in act three now.
Wait, did I walk like that? Oh,
right--the members mentioned it then.
No, that's not it. Look
carefully at his exact posture.
When most people walk forward slowly, their center
of gravity still moves like this. That's what I did.
That's fascinating. I honestly had no idea.
Looking now, your center of gravity
seems tilted slightly left. --Does it?
Yes. Rather than moving straight ahead, your
whole direction is like this. That's amazing.
Your right hand and right foot
move together. Are you a robot?
How am I doing that? Am I built backward?
--Not exactly. This is incredible.
It might be a miracle. --It is a miracle.
It's a talent. A genuine talent.
That's so fascinating. Even I find it
fascinating. And now it feels refreshing.
The intensity is gradually building.
Now for the solemn finale.
Wait, that startled me. He suddenly
comes right into the camera.
He comes rushing in.
I filmed it as if I were going to burst
straight through the screen. --That's amazing.
'I won't let go.' What a
protagonist. Incredible.
His voice sounds wonderful there. Wait a moment.
Why do you love this part so much?
You seem to be making exactly the
same expression as Noah-hyung.
Isn't that Hamin's face when he takes a half-body
bath? --Yes, that's the face. Pure bliss.
I poured every last bit of
energy into this moment.
Yejun-hyung--the fireworks are giving us quite a
welcome. Apparently only Noah-hyung steps forward here.
Oh, you're right.
Let's watch it again. I saw
PLLI commenting about this.
Noah-hyung does the detail
differently. He really steps forward.
I simply brought my feet together. Some
people stepped back. --Bamby-hyung and I did.
I think I brought mine together too. Two of us did,
while Noah-hyung stepped forward. This is the key move.
Right, exactly.
It's also the most energetic moment, so I don't
think we synchronized every detail of our feet.
The idea was simply to do it with
our own energy and go hardest here.
Exactly. We matched the energy, but didn't
worry much about the footwork details.
About me wobbling--Noah-hyung kept telling us
to do it. 'It'll be funnier if you wobble.'
I think we agreed that all five of us would wobble
naturally. --Right. But everyone except Eunho...
...tried not to wobble. --Why did you do that? We
said to wobble naturally. --I'm a perfectionist.
When it comes to balance, I
don't want to lose control.
Is that your own distinctive style too? --Yes.
--But are you actually good at balancing? --I am.
Normally I do this and then take
one more step forward. Understood.
But I shouldn't do it while standing still.
Right. You have to move
forward while doing it. Crazy.
So we've established that nobody
instructed him to wobble like that.
You did it deliberately to make PLLI laugh. But it
works perfectly, especially because you're at the side.
Losing your balance at the edge
completes the picture perfectly.
If Bamby-hyung had wobbled in the center, it might
have distracted the eye. I was far away, though...
...and instinctively adjusted my angle and path. Watch
again--that completes it. I'm correcting it throughout.
Watch the back again. Hamin, you
have to give me credit for this.
I find my path perfectly. Watch
Eunho-hyung find his mark.
I'm far away, but I move forward and match the
angle. That's professional work. First, sideways.
Exactly.
And that concludes our review of 'Meccha Suki.'
Many people are enjoying this challenge.
How about each of us trying a solo version?
The challenge? All right, let's watch
it. You worked very hard here. --Indeed.
My arms feel as if they're
going to fall off. Good.
He's just warming up.
I can't tell where he's looking.
He isn't looking anywhere. His eyes are
merely open; he probably can't see a thing.
He fought all the way to the end.
Shall we each try a solo version now?
You have to maintain it to the very end. Who
should go first? --I'll go first. --Great.
When I told PLLI on Bubble that I'd been
filming something, they asked for a spoiler.
So I sent them this emoji.
This is what it meant.
I was spoiling 'Meccha Suki.' That was probably
the day we filmed it. --Really? --Yes.
I want PLLI to know once again
that it really was a spoiler.
I'll go first.
Yejun, please show us from
center stage. --Let's go.
But wouldn't it be a shame
to do it dressed like this?
Right. We should wear the proper
outfits. One, two, three!
Oh, now he looks mysterious and enigmatic.
Are you ready?
Your energy seems a little low.
Is there no beat? Can't you hear it? --I
couldn't hear it clearly. My start was weak.
Okay, okay.
The volume was too low. It
needs to be louder than this.
Once you lose the beat,
there's no recovering it.
Everyone, that isn't a weasel
on him. It's a raccoon.
Could you play it through the studio
speakers too? We can't hear it well. Great.
Give us the cue when you're
ready. Okay, here we go.
You have to keep going all the way to the end!
Keep going! You have to keep going!
Wow.
I think I could do that
for an hour. --Seriously?
My expression shows how exhausted
I am. And that was my challenge.
Now let's move on. What would you like to do?
Do I have to do it too?
Weren't you demonstrating on everyone's behalf?
No, everyone is doing it. Shall I
go next? --Great. Time for cardio.
In his own style. It looks a
little like he's cleaning windows.
This is where it really begins. You
have to keep going--in your own style.
He seems tired already.
This section is very long.
I'm exhausted already. I'll finish
it off. My side hurts here.
I'll make every angle razor-sharp. Cue!
Hey, hey, hey!
All the way down! It begins here!
And that was my own version.
We've shown you all three solo challenges now.
Hamin, is that a raccoon attached to
you? --It is. Everyone, it's a raccoon.
That's my beloved raccoon.
Would you like to keep it?
No, thank you. Now that we're dressed like this,
perhaps we should speak more like gentlemen.
Don't we look like crown princes?
With that raccoon, Hamin looks
somewhat like the Northern Duke...
...the kind of Northern Duke that's popular
in romance-fantasy stories these days.
You may call me Captain of the Knights.
--Captain of the Knights, understood.
Very well.
In that case...
My, who might that lovely person be?
Let us follow her. Excuse me!
I shall go ahead and find out. Wait here.
Excuse me! Just a moment--may I have a word?
Where did she go? Where is she?
Where has my lady gone? My lady!
I lost her.
Who was that lovely person?
--In fact, I know her.
Oh?
Her name is PLLI.
I have met that person many times, and
we share fond feelings for one another.
Why would you say that?
From now on, I shall be the one to
meet PLLI. --That cannot be allowed.
Forgive me, but I intend to win her love.
You have all lost your minds. Let
us settle this with a sword fight!
Hey! The head, the head!
Okay--the Achilles tendon!
Ow, ow, ow! We cannot settle it like this, so
let us hold a proper match with a referee.
Let us go. Recover your strength.
Swish, swish, swish.
For this purpose, I have prepared a Nintendo.
A Nintendo? Surely my victory is a foregone
conclusion. --Is it? Then face me.
Kicking aside, I am unrivaled with a sword.
Today I shall practice 'tae-kum-do.'
Come at me. --Very well. --Let me join too.
All right, wait. It isn't
your turn yet. --Understood.
Die! --Understood. --I meant die in the
game! You're more ruthless than I expected.
Let us begin. Do you know
the rules of this game?
You play by instinct. Games
are all about instinct.
Set it up. Hurry and set it up. Thank you.
Do you not know how to set it up?
Ow! The head! The side! The head!
As expected, 'tae-kum-do' will not
suffice. Send in my next opponent.
I'll go in now. --It's best of
three? So there is a second round.
Okay, get ready.
I gave you a handicap. Come
at me. --Okay, come on.
I shall fight using only
my left hand. Third round.
Press it. One hand is more
than enough. The head!
The side, then the head.
You are no match for me.
Begone, you sham swordsman!
Next opponent, come forth. Even a
toy sword becomes real in my hands.
You can only retreat. Do you
know the art of drawing a sword?
Clang, clang. Set it up quickly. Are you ready?
Ready. I shall face you left-handed as well.
Ready? Okay, press it.
Up, up, up! I told you the left and
right controls seemed reversed.
You're holding it backward.
--Am I? All right, ready.
Begin!
A close match. Nice.
Let's go! I can't attack. Press it.
No, no! I lost a round. That was the handicap.
I am the Melatonin Knight. A
knight eats at the knights' diner.
I'll become a knight today.
Defeat this hyung--press it!
Understood. It isn't responding.
The head! The head!
The head--wait, he's attacking!
He's attacking! No! Hey!
The head! You are fighting remarkably hard.
The head--wait. This has descended into chaos.
Wait a moment. You're working
incredibly hard. I lost badly.
I am the Melatonin Knight. As a
knight, I eat at the knights' diner.
I feel as if I'll fall asleep. Melatonin
Knight, I won't let you get away with this.
Melatonin Knight, one pork set meal,
tofu stew, and extra Spam, please.
It seems I was dreaming. Even
so, we must finish our match.
I may have lost yesterday, but
today I shall win. Where were we?
My eyes appear to be in quite a state.
Wait. Play it again.
I shall play once more.
Who are you really?
PLLI, listen carefully. This is
not a dream. This is reality.
You seem closer to a reporter than a knight.
Which newspaper are you from? --I don't know.
Just feel it, PLLI. Simply feel it.
That's all today's show requires.
Feel it. Do not try to understand--enjoy
it. Bite, chew, taste, and enjoy.
What you see is all there is. Just enjoy it.
Enjoy it and--what are these socks?
Enough! Tofu Knight, I shall defeat you.
At last I understand the system. In the morning it's
'gisang'--getting up--but now I'm a 'gisa,' a knight.
Understood.
Confirm round one. Press it.
Okay, press it. --I did.
--Not the right one. There.
You have right and left
reversed. --It matters not.
Melatonin Knight, dining at the
knights' diner. Tofu--delicious.
You're quite fierce. Meat is good. Press okay.
Ready. You're charging in on sheer momentum.
Use your momentum! Block!
You're truly terrible at this.
I shall defend for the fallen
knight. Let me be your black knight.
We meet again on a narrow bridge. I want
to fall asleep again, but I shall resist.
One more match. I shall face you as Yejun.
Feel it. Simply feel it. Feel round one.
Ready--begin.
Almost there! Almost there!
There it is! We're almost there!
Almost there! One win--we're nearly there!
I won! I won by half a beat! I really won!
I won. That was not easy.
He has awakened. Touch gloves. Win!
I don't care who wins now.
The head! The head! Can you withstand this?
Impressive. That's it.
There's a third round too?
Must we play all three? The
dual-wielder has arrived.
The head! When you see an
opening, strike from the side.
The head! How impressive.
Serve me. --Serve you? Why would I?
I'm number one! At last we can move on.
We felt plenty. We finally got the
okay. Thank you. What comes next?
Was that enough material? --It
was delicious. --Was it? --Very.
My shoulders hurt. What
is next? Tell us quickly.
We need a demonstration before
we can do it. Show us the demo.
There's no cue. Something went wrong. There--nice.
We've fought with swords, but isn't that violent?
Noah posted on Weverse.
'This is a historical drama--you call
this romance fantasy? Why am I involved?'
Noah, you taught us plenty, but you're no
different. Just feel it. That's today's theme.
Noah, on Thursday you too will
become a romance-fantasy character.
You cannot escape. You will become a knight too.
Look forward to dining at the knights' diner.
The melatonin will make you sleepy too.
You will join the Order of
Melatonin. You are growing sleepy.
We cannot settle everything through
sword fighting alone. --No, we cannot.
We shall compete again by showing PLLI our
affectionate sides and winning her heart.
Bring in the selfie camera. Come closer.
The head, the head!
We have prepared some truly sweet lines.
--Is this the language of romance?
Let us read them. Is this another competition?
It is a competition. Everything
is a competition today. --Okay.
Very well. I shall go first.
This isn't easy. Move slightly
sideways so I can see my opponent.
Now recite it with feeling.
PLLI, my legs feel weak... Legs...
Why do you wander through my mind every night?
You cannot escape either. Hurry and do yours.
PLLI, what do you ride when you go home?
I'm riding the road to romance with PLLI.
Next. Do not stare blankly.
Stand aside, PLLI.
Today isn't easy. Did you take too much melatonin?
--Just feel it. I'm about to fall asleep.
You may sleep, PLLI. Just enjoy it--and
please forget what you remember.
PLLI, there's still time. At
least for today--all right.
He's drifting off again. --I'm back, I'm back.
At least for today... no.
Stand aside. I thought you
were kind, but you aren't.
Come to rest safely in my heart.
You're trying hard. Draw your sword.
Was that worth a hundred calories?
We must see the reaction. Let us
read the comments. PLLI is crying.
Let's see whether PLLI understands
this particular sensibility.
Even if you don't understand, don't
leave. Crazy--this love is crazy.
The response is good. They like it.
We are affectionate. Do you know who I am?
Do you know who I am? The comments
contain nothing but laughter.
Thank you for laughing.
Bring the camera back in. --Why?
You said you had one more thing prepared.
--There's more? I have something to say.
I am a genius--the luckiest man under heaven.
Because someone as lovely as PLLI is cheering
for me. Draw your sword--let's see the reaction.
This one isn't easy. Must I really do it?
I'll count you in. One, two, three, four!
I am a genius--the luckiest man under heaven...
...because someone as lovely
as PLLI is cheering for me.
Honestly, I'm feeling a
little dizzy. Is it only me?
Who are you? What is this? Please air
out the room. There's no oxygen in here.
We are short of oxygen.
I suddenly feel dizzy. Let's check the
response. This isn't easy for anyone.
Not easy at all. It doesn't
look easy for PLLI either.
You all came prepared to endure today's
show, right? --I want to leave.
I want to go home.
Sorry. Today is rather
difficult. Brace yourselves.
Silence. This time we're going to
flirt. --Wasn't that what we just did?
Those were sweet lines. Now
we're doing something different.
They certainly were sweet. So it isn't flirting?
Apparently we've prepared a
test of our attentiveness.
Was it all decided already? --They
prepared several questions for us.
Answer each one appropriately. Even
if a blade is held to my throat...
...I shall answer to the very end. This is the
attentiveness section. They say to sit down.
Take a seat.
What is this? How very high-tech.
What's this? The lights are sparkling.
Won't it turn off? There, it worked.
There. --No, it still won't turn off.
This is not easy. I didn't drink
my yogurt today, so tonight...
...is the sort of late night
that makes me long for yogurt.
Now for the attentiveness section.
I'll ask the first question.
'Lady PLLI...' --What did you call her?
--I'm only reading what's written.
Pronounce it again. 'Lady PLLI
suddenly says she likes someone else.'
'How would you respond?' --I
would cut him down immediately.
What an excellent solution. --I
would remove him from the picture.
How would you respond?
Does the lady have children?
Me? I will not waste words.
You are very direct. --My lady, I
love you. Stay by my side forever.
I swear it for all my life.
How can I follow something so
powerful? What am I meant to do?
What will you do? As the last
one, please answer responsibly.
This is my answer: 'You like someone else?'
Put me full-screen. 'You
like someone else? Then go.'
Go. I nearly laughed.
How can you laugh in such a serious
situation? Now for the second question.
You are unqualified as a knight.
Improve yourself. Read the second one.
'While on a tender date with Lady PLLI, she
falls and is too embarrassed to get up.'
'What would you do?' --I would cut
down every stone that made PLLI fall.
I'll go next. Don't try too hard, or
you'll leave me with nothing to do.
Give me something to work with. Help me out.
PLLI has fallen and is too
embarrassed to get up.
This is what I would do. Give me the
full screen. Please wait a moment.
I would join her down there.
I would share her embarrassment, joy, and
sorrow. Ah, my microphone is showing.
You had a microphone?
My expression looks strange too.
Please wait. Today really isn't easy.
Today simply isn't easy. --But our love
will never grow cold. --All right.
All right.
Switch it back. This is
where I truly begin--wait.
Do not go anywhere.
Don't leave. Everyone watching, please bear
with us. We aren't normally like this.
Do not leave us.
Wait just a little longer and we'll give
you an even bigger laugh. Stand by.
All right.
She fell. What will you do?
I'll go. PLLI, please wait a moment.
I can't move. There.
I'll show you. PLLI has fallen.
She fell. Why do you keep
throwing away your sword?
Are you sweeping the floor?
Ah, you're using the
floor-sweeping sword technique.
I was taught that comedy is built
on repetition. --Repetition indeed.
It turned on again. You're doing an
excellent job repeating the joke.
Where did you buy this? I
think you were scammed.
It switches on whenever it pleases.
Oh? There, I fixed it.
I showed it properly, didn't I? --You did.
We look like fools. --I would fall
with her and share the embarrassment.
That does have merit.
Read the third question. 'Lady PLLI's parents
strongly oppose your relationship. What do you do?'
I shall become their son-in-law.
I wish to marry your daughter. I would
respectfully ask their permission.
Well done. What will you do first? This
keeps turning on--how do I stop it?
We can proceed without it.
Just feel it. --Understood.
I'll go first. I'll give you time to think.
Dear parents--it blocked me again.
Wait, I think this is going to break.
Dear parents... You suddenly
hate this man from Seoul.
Again? That was a surprise
attack. How much do you hate me?
The third question is rather
daunting. There's a lot of pressure.
Esteemed parents...
You startled me.
I possess nothing but...
...my love for your daughter, but as a knight I
shall treat her to knights' diner meals for life.
Please permit us to marry. --That was good.
Honestly, the pace dragged. Do it again. Have
you only hosted live shows for a day or two?
Is that what you were taught?
Even I can't rescue this segment.
Dear parents, I dislike you--
I've run out of ideas.
Sorry, I have nothing left.
As a fellow knight, I understand. Parents,
take this sword and strike me down.
Let's move on. Please, move on.
'Before a ball, Lady PLLI opens her wardrobe
and finds no suitable dress. What do you do?'
I shall make one for her. --Make it?
I shall make one too. --You're making it
yourselves? --I will personally design it.
Then let us design one.
Preparation will take a moment. How
long must we keep speaking this way?
We chose the wrong concept. We have thirty minutes
left, but with these swords, we cannot drop the voice.
Endure it for thirty minutes. We've made enough
material for Shorts. This is a transition.
So that was the button. Mine isn't
appearing. I'll show you how it's done.
Take a seat. Where should we sit?
There--the chairs were here. Move
downstream. So I was downstream.
Sorry, I thought I was upstream,
but apparently I was downstream.
I need a drink of water. Now we
shall design the dresses ourselves.
Let's begin what we've prepared.
Express it as a drawing. Design the dress.
Understood.
I shall dress PLLI in a magnificent gown.
The audio is a little empty.
Please fill the silence.
Keep drawing with your hand, but
don't let your mouth rest either.
My hands may rest, but my mouth shall work.
I cannot bring myself to laugh right now.
Laugh. Laugh.
[Singing in English]
We're taking this all the way today.
Is everyone's work progressing
well? --Of course.
An extraordinary picture is taking shape.
There were colors available?
This isn't easy. I'm considering the
brand. Which brand does PLLI like?
PLLI's favorite brand? I must
think about that. The PLAVE brand.
As expected of our leader. That was good.
[Singing in English]
I don't even know how to spell it.
[Singing in English] I
dressed her in Louis Vuitton.
So you'll dress her in something
expensive. [Singing in English]
[Singing in English]
You're choosing Nike, then. The
shoes are... [Singing in English]
What does that logo look like? No--what is this?
What's happening? How do I use this pen again?
The pen is acting up. You
cannot see my drawing yet.
I'm drawing PLLI beautifully.
Please wait a little longer.
[Singing in English]
Where are the colors?
It's almost finished. Please
wait just a little longer.
Simply feel it today. I can't alter the face.
You can't? What a pity.
Are you using primary colors?
Hello there.
This isn't easy. I shall dye
her hair. Truly not easy.
I'm done. I don't quite know how to
color this app. This is difficult.
Press it. The world of art is not an easy one.
Yejun, are you all right?
--Everything looks good.
PLLI, do you like sagging fashion? If
you wish, I shall dress you that way.
Would that be all right? Is
sagging in fashion these days?
I'm almost finished. What sort of clothes
does one wear for sagging fashion?
Sorry. --Apologize properly.
I'm finished. --I'm nearly
done too. Please wait.
Shouldn't the hair have a
little more volume? Good.
Wait. I'll add a yellow accent.
You like Calvin Klein, don't you?
Understood. I have dressed you in Calvin Klein.
I'm practically finished.
Perfect. Where can I find yellow?
Done.
I've finished everything. This
is enough. --I'm done too.
Why did you create a monster?
--A monster? How dare you!
Thank you. I think we're nearly finished.
The PLLI that Eunho-hyung
drew is a boss monster.
She looks like the final boss
you must defeat in a game.
I may have given her see-through bangs by mistake.
I shall present them to her. Are you done?
Let us inspect them. Please explain your design.
Mine seems the most ordinary, so I'll go
first. I think this picture speaks for itself.
This is my wife. --Your wife?
She is very graceful, upright in character,
and a person of excellent virtue.
This is my wife. I drew a portrait of her.
At home, my wife often wears hanbok.
Hanbok is refined, comfortable,
and well ventilated.
So I dressed her in hanbok. Her hair has the
silky shine of an Elastine advertisement.
I expressed her smooth, healthy hair
swept to one side. Isn't she beautiful?
It suits her extremely well.
Her beauty is outstanding.
And to complete her fashionable
look, I added yellow shoes.
That concludes my presentation. Thank you.
Next. What sort of creature is this?
My wife.
Your... wife?
This is my wife, who loves primary colors.
She seems to have exercised a great deal.
No, that's just how the clothes look. --They look
uncomfortable. Are those pimples on her head?
They are not pimples. Do not squeeze them.
You misunderstood. She dyed her
hair pink. That's hair--not a nose.
Hair? It looks as if Shin-chan's
mother hit her twice. --It is hair.
My wife has beautifully curled
hair. --So those were curls.
She likes very comfortable clothing. --It looks
uncomfortable to anyone. --No, it is comfortable.
You chose yellow as well. --Yellow indeed.
We have something in common:
we both chose yellow shoes.
My beautiful yellow shoes are
lovely. --Why are the trousers blue?
Must I not ask? --I was simply curious.
I chose blue because I like it.
A person like the sea, then. And this is
the sagging fashion? --Yes, Calvin Klein.
I'm sorry, but it isn't
called that. It's 'sagging.'
Are you genuinely asking what
sagging fashion is? Are you serious?
You truly don't know? Hosting a
show with this fellow is not easy.
Remember this: besides sagging, there
are standard fit, slim fit, bootcut...
...and regular fit. Don't you know those? --No.
That's right.
Look up wide fit after the show.
--Understood. Now explain your design.
Let us meet the final boss. I shall
explain her. She is holding a sickle too.
My muse. --Sorry, but is
the hair actually finished?
I expressed sagging through her hair too. I added
highlighted streaks--those are fashionable.
It is fashionable sagging style.
And these are vintage earrings.
Earrings? What did you think they were? --Ramen.
It looks as if ramen was poured
over her. Ramen is yellow.
So yellow is the common thread again.
In any case, I styled the hair and
accessories around this sagging concept.
That isn't how the word is
used. --This is driving me mad.
Then I shall call it 'new fashion'
instead--brand-new fashion.
Brand-new, not secondhand. --Understood.
This is a hairpin. --A pin? --It's
gold. --Her scalp looks painful.
It does not hurt.
And at the front, she has see-through
bangs. --So she does have hair.
See-through bangs. This isn't sagging
fashion; it's 'baby' fashion.
Baby fashion? --Yes, like a
child who hasn't grown up yet.
My muse sometimes has a childlike
quality too. That is one of her charms.
Those see-through bangs look almost
newborn. --That is fashion. Just feel it.
Baby fashion.
Just feel it. And here I expressed
the clavicles. --Her clavicles?
They're rather high. --Aren't
those muscles? Or her vocal cords?
With a dress, the clavicles are a focal point.
I gave her perfectly straight clavicles.
And here I wrote a message telling
everyone to stay tuned to PLAVE's channel.
Channel, not Chanel. It means,
'Keep the channel here.'
It asks people to stay tuned to PLAVE's
YouTube channel. Is your wife left-handed?
She is not my wife. She is my muse.
My muse is left-handed, so the muscles
in her left arm are more developed.
From all the rowing? She has a sickle in
this hand--what is in the other, a hammer?
I could not fully express that part in
the drawing. There is a story behind it.
If I drew what she held in her right hand, we
couldn't broadcast it. --It would fail review?
Content review, indeed.
In any case, I completed my muse's dress
in this elegant fashion. --It's strange.
Understood.
PLLI, which dress would you most like to
wear? I'm fairly sure it isn't this one.
Why not?
That one belongs on a cartoon channel.
--Take my hand and come with me.
And that one--I feel as though
I've seen it somewhere before.
This is difficult. I never
thought to draw a neck.
There was an old game called 'Dad 'n
Me.' She resembles a character from it.
This one somehow feels unsafe to
wear. PLLI, which would you choose?
They're saying, 'I won't go.' Must they
choose? Eunho seems to be getting many votes.
You'd have to carry both a sickle and
a hammer. Would that be all right?
You also need the see-through bangs and a
light implanted in the top of your head.
Not merely attached--implanted. That would hurt. They
say they'll stay home because their wardrobe is full.
Understood. If choosing is too difficult, we shall
simply move on. We have designed our dresses.
There is a script we need
to read. I shall read it.
Just in case: please never wear these outfits to
the concert. --I wouldn't, even if you asked.
It may be hot outdoors, uncomfortable, and the sickle
or hammer could be heavy. --Hammers are heavy.
We shall decide on a nice concert dress
code separately. We mention this because...
...the company was genuinely worried PLLI
might come dressed according to our drawings.
They insisted we say this. Surely nobody
would wear that. --If you can, give it a try.
We have faith. Just feel it.
This may sound presumptuous, but my
dancing has improved greatly lately.
Then you must show us. --A royal command.
Please choose which one of us
you most want to dance with.
You have chosen. I didn't expect you
to have a clear favorite among us.
Then Yejun goes first. Go on, Yejun.
Begin. A violin has been prepared.
Even a violin? How beautiful.
Please display your skill.
Wait a moment.
[Violin playing and singing]
You are meant to dance. Why are
you looking at somebody else?
How am I supposed to play violin to
this music? Make the sound for me.
[Violin playing]
[Singing] I'll simply close
my eyes and continue.
[Singing]
[Singing] Is this a song request?
How long are we going to keep doing this?
And that brings it to an end.
I think it is time to show our secret weapons.
--More secret weapons? How far will this go?
How much more will you show? Everyone,
reveal your secret weapons. --What weapon?
I shall go first. I prepared a dance.
Melt PLLI's hearts. Music, please.
Please begin.
How was my special move?
Then I shall dance while acting
cute. --You're adding aegyo too?
I'm going to do 'Bad.' --Without accompaniment?
You're doing 'Bad' a
cappella? Only the fox part?
[Singing]
I think I'm having some
kind of episode. I'm sorry.
I love you, senior. I love you.
I'm sorry.
Only your special move remains. --We
cannot start repeating things now.
Is that how you learned to host a
live? Stop it. This isn't right.
Stop. We've been doing this
for four years. Are you ready?
Music, please. --There's more music?
They can't play anything unless
you tell them what music you want.
I didn't arrange music for my dance in advance.
I shall walk the same path as my muse.
Surely not 'Bad' again? --It is 'Bad.'
We just told you not to repeat it. --That earlier
repetition was a mistake. I'm staying true to the lyrics.
You mean true to the title. This is truly bad.
Let's see it, then. Show us.
The beat seems slightly off.
How are you going to take
responsibility for this situation?
What was your intention? I don't
know why I did that either.
Shall all three of us try
it? I have no idea anymore.
I give up on understanding today.
Music, please. Just feel it.
Music, please.
And that is enough.
Good work. PLLI, what did you think?
Move back a little and get settled.
Why are we sitting so low?
Who set this so low? There, we're ready.
Now, what if we finally
drop the role-play voices?
Good idea. What do you think? --Let's do that.
Great. For today's broadcast, we
made a tremendous effort for PLLI...
...an effort to show you lots of
entertaining sides of ourselves.
I'm curious what you thought of this rather
melatonin-like show. People are saying we worked hard.
We're always ready to work hard for PLLI. It
was fun, wasn't it? Honestly, we had fun.
I only hope too many people
didn't leave while watching.
Please explain to everyone around you
that we aren't normally like this.
PLLI says they have goosebumps. Why?
I have them too. We all do.
Today we delivered quite a
small--and precious--broadcast.
It's already time to end. Shall we
first take our customary photo?
Right. Let's have capture
time. Sit down together.
I'll hold the violin.
Take the picture, and I'll...
Be careful. Please treasure this picture.
Now that capture time is over, it is time
to choose today's highlight playlist song.
For the romance-fantasy mood--and since
it was performed at the World Cup too...
...how about BTS's 'Dynamite'?
'Dynamite' sounds splendid. We shall end today's
show on an exciting note. Music, please.
Must we do this part too? All right.
This is driving me mad. We have to
join in too, don't we? --We do.
Dance! Move! This remains
difficult right to the end.
[BTS's 'Dynamite' plays]
Thank you. Bye!